Cleanup and rework "Medals" wiki article (#5234)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Medals/en.md

# Medals

**Medals**, previously known as *achievements*, are badges on a user's profile which indicate certain goals that have been achieved by the user. Currently, there are **247** medals available to be unlocked across eight different categories in total: [Beatmap Packs](#beatmap-packs), [Skill](#skill), [Dedication](#dedication), [Mod Introduction](#mod-introduction), [Hush-Hush](#hush-hush), [Beatmap Spotlights](#beatmap-spotlights), [Seasonal Spotlights](#seasonal-spotlights), and [Beatmap Challenge Packs](#beatmap-challenge-packs).

## Beatmap Packs

> **Beatmap Packs medals** are medals that are awarded upon the completion of certain [Theme Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=theme) or [Artist/Album Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=artist). These medals can be obtained by clearing every beatmap all the way through at least once in any difficulty within the corresponding beatmap pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Beatmap Packs medals** are medals awarded upon the completion of certain [Theme Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=theme) or [Artist/Album Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=artist). These medals can be obtained by clearing every beatmap all the way through at least once in any difficulty within the corresponding beatmap pack.
```

All beatmaps in the pack have to be cleared in the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) game mode in order to qualify for the badge unless otherwise specified. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.

> ### List of obtainable Beatmap Packs medals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Obtainable Beatmap Packs medals
```
consider changing to just "Obtainable Beatmap Packs medals"; this goes for all other headers like this

| Teminite | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Teminite Pack](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2042) beatmap pack. |
| VINXIS | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [VINXIS Pack](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2041) beatmap pack. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack I | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack I](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1365) beatmap pack. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack II | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack II](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1450) beatmap pack. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack III | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack III](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1689) beatmap pack. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack IV | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack IV](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1757) beatmap pack. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack V | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack V](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2032) beatmap pack. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack VI | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack VI](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2033) beatmap pack. |

> It is worth noting however that the contents of all the Video Game Packs, Anime Packs, Internet! Packs, and Rhythm Game Packs have been dramatically altered over time since [their first introduction in 2008](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1853). For the list of all the beatmaps that was being listed in the aforementioned beatmap packs in their legacy/original state, see [Legacy Beatmap Packs](/wiki/Medals/Legacy_Beatmap_Packs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The contents of all the Video Game Packs, Anime Packs, Internet! Packs, and Rhythm Game Packs have been dramatically altered over time since [their first introduction in 2008](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1853). For a list of all the beatmaps that are listed in the aforementioned beatmap packs in their legacy/original state, see [Legacy Beatmap Packs](/wiki/Medals/Legacy_Beatmap_Packs).
```
The first sentence should probably be formatted as a note and the second sentence should probably be formatted as a for see hatnote

## Skill

> The **Skill medals** are medals that are being awarded by rounding off various skill-based accomplishments, be it by getting into certain [combo](/wiki/en/Glossary/Combo_%28score_multiplier%29) milestones, by attaining certain ranks in the [global performance point leaderboard](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance), or by achieving either a clear or a [full combo](/wiki/FC) on any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap within a certain [star rating](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) ranges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Skill medals* are medals that are awarded by rounding off various skill-based accomplishments, be it by getting into certain [combo](/wiki/en/Glossary/Combo_%28score_multiplier%29) milestones, by attaining certain ranks in the [global performance point leaderboard](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance), or by achieving either a clear or a [full combo](/wiki/FC) on any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap within a certain [star rating](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) ranges.
```
"either by" sounds better imo, but thats just a nit. Semicolons should also be used to differentiate commas here as well
```suggestion
*Skill medals* are medals that are awarded by rounding off various skill-based accomplishments, either by getting certain [combo](/wiki/en/Glossary/Combo_%28score_multiplier%29) milestones; attaining certain ranks in the [global performance points leaderboard](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/performance); or by achieving either a clear or a [full combo](/wiki/FC) on any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap within a certain [star rating](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) ranges.
```

### List of obtainable Skill medals

| Medal name | Requirement(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| 500 Combo | Achieve 500 combo in any beatmap, in any game mode. |
| 750 Combo | Achieve 750 combo in any beatmap, in any game mode. |
| 1000 Combo | Achieve 1000 combo in any beatmap, in any game mode. |
| 2000 Combo | Achieve 2000 combo in any beatmap, in any game mode. |
| I can see the top | Achieve a Global Ranking of #50,000 or higher in any game mode. |
| The gradual rise | Achieve a Global Ranking of #10,000 or higher in any game mode. |
| Scaling up | Achieve a Global Ranking of #5,000 or higher in any game mode. |
| Approaching the summit | Achieve a Global Ranking of #1,000 or higher in any game mode. |

> | Rising Star (osu!)/My First Don (osu!taiko)/A Slice Of Life (osu!catch)/First Steps (osu!mania) | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap that lies in the 1.00★–1.99★ star rating range (after all the [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase), if any, have been factored in) in the corresponding game modes. Any usage of [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) is not permitted. |

Reviewer 2: never actually thought about using the unicode(?) star to denote star ratings, i wonder if this should be standard or not 🤔

| Aberration (osu!)/The Drummer's Throne (osu!taiko)/Dashing Scarlet (osu!catch)/Behind The Veil (osu!mania) | Full combo any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap that lies in the 8.00★–8.99★ star rating range (after all the [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase), if any, have been factored in) in the corresponding game modes. Any usage of [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) is not permitted. |
| Chosen | Full combo any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap that lies in the 9.00★–9.99★ star rating range (after all the [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase), if any, have been factored in) in the osu! game mode. Any usage of [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) is not permitted. |
| Unfathomable | Full combo any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap that lies in the 10.00★–10.99★ star rating range (after all the [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase), if any, have been factored in) in the osu! game mode. Any usage of [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) is not permitted. |

## Dedication

> **Dedication medals** are medals that are awarded upon reaching certain playcount milestones in a single game mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Dedication medals** are medals awarded upon reaching certain playcount milestones in a single game mode.
```

> The **Dedication medals** are medals that are being awarded upon reaching certain playcount milestones in a single game mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Dedication medals* are medals that are awarded upon reaching certain playcount milestones in a single game mode.
```

Author: applied

### Obtainable Dedication medals

| Medal name | Requirement(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| 5,000 Plays | Achieve a total of 5,000 playcounts in any game mode. |
| 15,000 Plays | Achieve a total of 15,000 playcounts in any game mode. |
| 25,000 Plays | Achieve a total of 25,000 playcounts in any game mode. |
| 50,000 Plays | Achieve a total of 50,000 playcounts in any game mode. |

## Mod Introduction

*See also: [Game modifier](/wiki/Game_modifier)*

> **Mod Introduction medals** are medals that are awarded upon clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with their corresponding [game modifier (mod)](/wiki/Game_modifier). These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note, however, that if players play with multiple game modifiers at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mod Introduction medals** are medals awarded upon clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with their corresponding [game modifier (mod)](/wiki/Game_modifier). These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note, however, that if players play with multiple game modifiers at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.
```

> **Mod Introduction medals** are medals that are awarded upon clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with their corresponding [game modifier (mod)](/wiki/Game_modifier). These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note that, however, that if players play with multiple game modifiers at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mod Introduction medals** are medals that are awarded upon clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with their corresponding [game modifier (mod)](/wiki/Game_modifier). These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note, however, that if players play with multiple game modifiers at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.
```

> The **Mod Introduction medals** are medals that are being awarded by clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with the corresponding game modifier. These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note that however if the player plays with multiple game modifiers at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Mod Introduction medals* are medals that are awarded upon clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with their corresponding game modifier. These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note that, however, that if players play with multiple game modifiers at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.
```
probably shouldn't flip flop between "game modifier" and "mod" here. consider this:
```suggestion
*Mod Introduction medals* are medals that are awarded upon clearing any [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), or [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) beatmap with their corresponding game modifier (mod). These medals are meant to encourage newer players to try out each mod and explore what the game has to offer. Do note that, however, that if players play with multiple mods at a time, the player is **not** eligible to earn *any* of the game modifier medals for that play.
```

Author: did a mix of both

| Time And A Half | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [DoubleTime](/wiki/Game_modifier/Double_Time) mod enabled. |
| Sweet Rave Party | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [Nightcore](/wiki/Game_modifier/Nightcore) mod enabled. |
| Blindsight | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [Hidden](/wiki/Game_modifier/Hidden) mod enabled. |
| Are You Afraid Of The Dark? | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [Flashlight](/wiki/Game_modifier/Flashlight) mod enabled. |
| Dial It Right Back | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [Easy](/wiki/Game_modifier/Easy) mod enabled. |
| Risk Averse | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [NoFail](/wiki/Game_modifier/No_Fail) mod enabled. |
| Slowboat | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [HalfTime](/wiki/Game_modifier/Half_Time) mod enabled. |
| Burned Out | Clear any Qualified, Ranked, or Approved beatmap with the [SpunOut](/wiki/Game_modifier/Spun_Out) mod enabled. This medal can only be achieved in the osu! game mode as the SpunOut mod is not present in other game modes. |

## Hush-Hush

> **Hush-Hush medals** are "secret" medals that are awarded by pulling up very specific feats, which are not explicitly told to the player (hence the name). These feats can range anywhere from completing a beatmap under peculiar circumstances to setting a score with an unusual mod combination. Despite their secretive nature, there are hints laying around to help all the curious medal hunters in their sleuth as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hush-Hush medals** are "secret" medals awarded for pulling off very specific feats, which are not explicitly told to the player (hence the name). These feats can range anywhere from completing a beatmap under peculiar circumstances to setting a score with an unusual mod combination. Despite their secretive nature, there are hints laying around to help all the curious medal hunters in their sleuth as follows:
```

> The **Beatmap Packs medals** are "secret" medals that are being awarded upon pulling up certain specific feats, such as clearing a particular beatmap under some peculiar circumstances or setting down a score with an unusual mod combination. Although at first it may appear that there are no clear-cut instructions as to how the Hush-Hush medals could be unlocked, there are some hints that are being put around to guide all the curious medal hunters in their sleuth as follows:
> 
> - The name of the medals themselves,
> - The medals' brief description, and
> - The *flair text* <!-- https://twitter.com/ephemeralis/status/1068054191602638850 --> of the medals (if any), viewable by hovering over the corresponding medals' card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Beatmap Packs medals* are "secret" medals that are being awarded upon pulling up certain specific feats, such as clearing a particular beatmap under some peculiar circumstances or setting down a score with an unusual mod combination. Although it may appear as if there are no clear-cut instructions as to how the Hush-Hush medals could be unlocked, there are some hints that are being put around to guide all the curious medal hunters in their sleuth as follows:

- The name of the medals themselves,
- The medals' brief description, and
- The *flair text* <!-- https://twitter.com/ephemeralis/status/1068054191602638850 --> of the medals (if any), viewable by hovering over the corresponding medals' card.
```
this isnt bad but i would *personally* write it a bit differently, something like this:
```suggestion
*Beatmap Packs medals* are medals that are awarded for completing very specific feats, which are not told to the player (hence the name). These feats can range anywhere from completing a beatmap under peculiar circumstances to setting a score with an unusual mod combination. Despite their secretive nature, however, some hints are given as to how to obtain the medal, such as the name of the medal itself, the medal's flair text, and the medal's description. <!-- https://twitter.com/ephemeralis/status/1068054191602638850 -->
```

Author: applied this in a way that blends in to the sentence that i'm having right now, tyty

> As the Hush-Hush medals are meant to be secret achievements of some sort, the list below only note out the *descriptions and flair texts* of the medals instead of the exact method of getting them; however, players are [welcomed to work together in order to figure out how to obtain all the Hush-Hush medals out there](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-08-17-new-hush-hush-medals).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As the Hush-Hush medals are meant to be secret achievements of some sort, the list below only note out the *descriptions and flair texts* of the medals instead of the exact method of getting them; however, players are [welcome to work together in order to figure out how to obtain all the Hush-Hush medals out there](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-08-17-new-hush-hush-medals).
```

> As the Hush-Hush medals are meant to be a secret achievement of some sort, the list below will note out the *description and flair text* of the medals instead of the exact method of getting them. However, players are [welcomed to work together in order to figure out how to obtain all the Hush-Hush medals out there](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-08-17-new-hush-hush-medals).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the Hush-Hush medals are meant to be a secret achievement of some sort, the list below will note out the description and flair text of the medals instead of the exact method of getting them; however, players are [welcomed to work together in order to figure out how to obtain all the Hush-Hush medals out there](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2016-08-17-new-hush-hush-medals).
```
nitpick

Author: yup

| Quick Maths | Beats per minute over.. this isn't quick at all! *(Where x equals beats per minute, and a variable unknown..)* |
| Efflorescence | A lament for the past, and a glimpse into tomorrow. *(The horizon thunders with a portentous bloom.)* |
| Inundate | Swept away. *(Across and beyond the tides.)* |
| Not Bluffing | Did that with my eyes closed. *(It's not arrogance if you can live up to it.)* |
| Eureka | By Jove, you got it! *(When inspiration strikes..)* |
| Regicide | A king no more. *(No throne lasts forever.)* |
| Permadeath | One life, one shot. *(Better make it count! Ware well the example of the white cat.)* |
| The Future Is Now | The stars showed you all that was to come. *(Withstand the primordial.)* |
| Natural 20 | Rolled it. *(Not just a chance of the dice, this one is all skill.)* |
| Kaleidoscope | So many pretty colors. Most of them red. *(See the tiny colours up through the tube up close and personal, and slow right down.)* |
| AHAHAHAHA | Together forever. *(Who am I? Where am I? What the hell IS this place?)* |
| Valediction | One last time. *(Time stood still as we waved farewell.)* |

## Beatmap Spotlights

> **Beatmap Spotlights medals** are medals that are awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs that are being released as a part of the [Monthly Beatmap Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2017-03-18-introducing-to-you-spotlights). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps *in any of the four gamemode packs* that are being contested on the corresponding Beatmap Spotlights ranking char. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Beatmap Spotlights medals** are medals awarded upon completion of certain beatmap packs released as part of the [Monthly Beatmap Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2017-03-18-introducing-to-you-spotlights). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps *in any of the four gamemode packs* that are being contested on the corresponding Beatmap Spotlights ranking chart. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.
```

> The **Beatmap Spotlights medals** are medals that are being awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs that are being released as a part of the [Monthly Beatmap Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2017-03-18-introducing-to-you-spotlights). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps *in any of the four gamemode packs* that is being contested on the corresponding Beatmap Spotlights ranking chart. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Beatmap Spotlights medals* are medals that are awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs that are being released as a part of the [Monthly Beatmap Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2017-03-18-introducing-to-you-spotlights). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps in any of the four gamemode packs that are contested on the corresponding Beatmap Spotlights ranking chart; the usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.
```

Author: think i'll keep the italic and the full stop here but changed the rest

> Although the Monthly Beatmap Spotlights have been discontinued as of April 2018 in favor of the [Seasonal Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-01-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2018), all of the medals pertinant to it are still able to be obtained to this day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although the Monthly Beatmap Spotlights have been discontinued as of April 2018 in favour of the [Seasonal Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-01-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2018), all of the medals pertinent to it are still able to be obtained.
```

| February 2018 Spotlight | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in any of the Spotlights February 2018 beatmap packs ([osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1379)/[osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1380)/[osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1381)/[osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1382)). |
| March 2018 Spotlight | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in any of the Spotlights January/February 2017 beatmap packs ([osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1405)/[osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1406)/[osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1407)/[osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1408)). |
| April 2018 Spotlight | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in any of the Spotlights January/February 2017 beatmap packs ([osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1430)/[osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1431)/[osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1432)/[osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1433)). |

## Seasonal Spotlights

> **Seasonal Spotlights medals** are medals that are awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs that are being released as a part of the [Seasonal Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-01-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2018). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps *in any of the four gamemode packs* that are being contested on the corresponding Seasonal Spotlights ranking chart. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Seasonal Spotlights medals** are medals awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs released as part of the [Seasonal Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-01-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2018). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps *in any of the four gamemode packs* that are being contested on the corresponding Seasonal Spotlights ranking chart. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.
```

> The **Seasonal Spotlights medals** are medals that are being awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs that are being released as a part of the [Seasonal Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-01-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2018). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps *in any of the four gamemode packs* that is being contested on the corresponding Seasonal Spotlights ranking chart. The usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Seasonal Spotlights medals** are medals that are awarded upon the completion of certain beatmap packs that are being released as a part of the [Seasonal Spotlights](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-11-01-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2018). In order to unlock the medals in this category, a player needs to play through all the maps in any of the four gamemode packs that are contested on the corresponding Seasonal Spotlights ranking chart; the usage of either [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) or [difficulty increase mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-increase) is permitted.
```

Author: think i'll keep the italic and the full stop here but changed the rest

> Although the Seasonal Spotlights have been discontinued as of early 2020 in favor of the [current Beatmap Spotlights system](wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights), all of the medals pertinant to it are still able to be obtained to this day.

Reviewer 2: a specific date would be nice here
```suggestion
Although the Seasonal Spotlights have been discontinued as of early 2020 in favour of the [current Beatmap Spotlights system](wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights), all of the medals pertinent to it are still able to be obtained.
```

| Summer 2019 Beatmap Spotlights | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in any of the Seasonal Spotlights: Summer 2019 beatmap packs ([osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1722)/[osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1723)/[osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1724)/[osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1725)). |
| Autumn 2019 Beatmap Spotlights | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in any of the Seasonal Spotlights: Autumn 2019 beatmap packs ([osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1798)/[osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1799)/[osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1800)/[osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1801)). |
| Winter 2020 Beatmap Spotlights | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in any of the Seasonal Spotlights: Winter 2020 beatmap packs ([osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1896)/[osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1897)/[osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1898)/[osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/1899)). |

## Beatmap Challenge Packs

> **Beatmap Challenge Packs medals**, or alternatively referred to as [*Skill Packs medals*](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-11-20-featured-artist-beatmap-updates-from-the-mappers-guild#pack-medal-updates), are medals that are awarded upon clearing the hardest difficulty present on all beatmaps featured in certain [Theme Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=theme) or [Artist/Album Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=artist) *without any [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) enabled*. These beatmap packs are specifically curated to test each player's comprehension of various gameplay aspects around a specific skill level, e.g. within a particular [star rating](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) or difficulty cap range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Beatmap Challenge Packs medals**, or alternatively referred to as [*Skill Packs medals*](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-11-20-featured-artist-beatmap-updates-from-the-mappers-guild#pack-medal-updates), are medals awarded upon clearing the hardest difficulty present on all beatmaps featured in certain [Theme Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=theme) or [Artist/Album Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=artist) *without any [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) enabled*. These beatmap packs are specifically curated to test each player's comprehension of various gameplay aspects around a specific skill level, e.g. within a particular [star rating](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) or difficulty range.
```

> The **Beatmap Challenge Packs medals**, or alternatively referred to as [*Skill Packs medals*](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-11-20-featured-artist-beatmap-updates-from-the-mappers-guild#pack-medal-updates), are medals that are being awarded by clearing the hardest difficulty present on all the beatmaps that are being included in certain [Theme Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=theme) or [Artist/Album Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=artist) *without any [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) enabled*. These beatmap packs are specifically curated to test each player's comprehension of various gameplay aspects around a specific skill level, e.g. within a particular [star rating](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) or difficulty cap range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Beatmap Challenge Packs medals* (alternatively referred to as [*Skill Packs medals*](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-11-20-featured-artist-beatmap-updates-from-the-mappers-guild#pack-medal-updates)), are medals that are awarded upon clearing the hardest difficulty present on all beatmaps included in certain [Theme Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=theme) or [Artist/Album Beatmap Packs](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=artist) without any [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) enabled. These beatmap packs are specifically curated to test each player's comprehension of various gameplay aspects around a specific skill level (e.g. within a particular [star rating](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Difficulty#star-rating) or difficulty cap range).
```

All beatmaps in the pack have to be cleared in the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) game mode in order to qualify for the badge unless otherwise specified.

### Obtainable Beatmap Challenge Packs medals

| Medal name | Requirement(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Mappers' Guild Pack VII | Clear the hardest difficulties of all of the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack VII](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2034) beatmap pack. All beatmaps in this pack have a hardest difficulty that lies around the 5.00★–5.99★ star rating range. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack VIII | Clear the hardest difficulties of all of the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack VIII](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2035) beatmap pack. All beatmaps in this pack have a hardest difficulty that lies around the 6.00★–6.99★ star rating range. |
| Mappers' Guild Pack IX | Clear the hardest difficulties of all of the beatmaps bundled in the [Mappers' Guild Pack IX](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2036) beatmap pack. All beatmaps in this pack have a hardest difficulty that lies around the 7.00★–7.99★ star rating range. |

> | Camellia II | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Camellia Challenges Pack](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2053) beatmap pack. All beatmaps in this pack have a hardest difficulty that is being classified as an \[Expert\] difficulty or above. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Camellia II | Clear all the beatmaps bundled in the [Camellia Challenges Pack](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/2053) beatmap pack. All beatmaps in this pack have a hardest difficulty classified as \[Expert\] or above. |
```
